I wish for you to develop a java (java 8) application, that utilizes the struts 2 framework, for deployment on a tomcat server version 8. The main function of this application is multiplayer snake game. In single player mode, the game is a challenge against the system. The user or player 1 has control of a snake, either using keyboard directional keys (up, down, left, right; and the same keys double tapped in succession to make the snake warp one or two spaces forward). The system generates a stationary target an apple, or several apples (maybe max 5, randomly generated on the screen, and in different colors). The player's main goal is to touch an apple. Once an apple has been touched, it disappears from the screen and the player snake increases size by one unit measure of snake size. Which is the classic snake game. A consumed apple, while the game is not over respawns anywhere on the screen but on a player snake, not infront of the player snake, and not on another apple. There are a total of 10 levels to the game. The first level is the simplest with snake and apples. The subsequent levels must also generate complex but not impossible obstacles for the snake. These levels must be consistent. So if i played the game 5 times, I should play the exact same 10 levels in order 5 times. In multiplayer mode, as this is a web app runnable on tomcat, which can be accessed by multiple people at once, allow for other players to join the game as snakes of their own with the same objective as in single player mode, and similar 10 levels, but not the same. The added challenge is for the game to generate a snake world for every 3 players that come to the tomcat app to play. So it is multiplayer with a maximum of 3 players per world. So, if 6 players join, the game should generate 2 snake worlds. If 4 players join, the game should generate 2 snake worlds, if 7 players join, the game should generate 8 snake worlds. The application will keep track of whom a player has played against in a previous world, and generate a new world such that every player that a player previously played against, they will not play against that player again. So it is competitive. If in a 3 player world, the players complete the world level with scores, 5, 2, 1 and in another world the players complete with the scores 10, 3, 1. For the next level, the game must generate 3 worlds for the next level. So the player with score 5 and 10 from different worlds will be in the same world to compete. The player with score 2 and 3 from the previous world level will compete. Finally, the player with score 1 and 1 from different worlds will be made to compete in the same world. Each player will be shown a match up table per level of their progress, as well as the progress of the other players, along the world levels, for all 10 levels of the multiplayer game. Remember no player will each other twice in the same 10 level game. Players are noted by IP address or some distinguishing information. Allow players to take screenshots of the final match up table and results, but there is no need for social media integration, nor authentication for the app. A player that is on level 2, cannot be matched with a new player that joins the game for level 1. When there are no match ups, the player can either wait for players playing level 1 to finish and succeed to level 2, or quit the game and start again, joining new players to the game, for a level 1 match up. Players cannot save progress, only not refresh the screen until a match is found, else the game will take them to level 1. A player whom reaches level 10 and is the winner must be informed of his success, as well as articulate what the victory means: winning 10 levels, against different players, selected as match ups for him for being the best in their league up until the very last level, and they consistently got the highest score. A player whom has come out as second, third, fourth, or other must equally be informed of the outcome at the final level. Players whom are beat at previous levels e.g. last in every round, must also be told of their result, and how they are progressing, and that they will play a loser from another level, giving them encouragement to do better in subsequent rounds. A player that was a consistent loser and eventually a winner in the 10th round, must be informed of their feat, and how they came out the best of the worst. A consistent loser until the last round must be informed of their feat as well... that they played the worst players, and they failed to overcome their challenge. They must all be encouraged to try the game again in order to realize personal victory. Each player maintains a score during their round of game play through the 10 levels in the multiplayer game and single player game. In the competitive game, players whom want to know that they were the worst, won the last round, but maybe got a higher score than the best player through all 10 levels must be given this information to look over for strategy. How do you win each round? Each round is won by the player whom collects the most apples in a given time frame. Even in the multiplayer game. That is it. Give the players 30 seconds per round, and add 10 seconds for subsequent rounds from the first round. So the 2nd round will have 40 seconds, the 3rd round will have 50 seconds, the 4th round will have 60 seconds. And so on. I hope it will be a fun game. Make the UI interface look very modern with soft or smooth edge buttons. Make the buttons vibrant or jumpy, for interactivity, and liveliness. They can even be lively on hover actions; maybe like water drops-y kinds of motion. A player snake is consistent through all rounds. The player with a winning snake or top score from previous rounds gets to have a shimmering snake of the same color but some visible feature of it being a favorite to win. If other players exit a round, allow the remaining player to complete their round, gain as high a score as posssible to compete for the next rounds. Other snakes are obstacles for each other so they cannot move in the same path. Snakes can pass each other if the player initiates warp (double tap) before colliding with another snake. Snakes cannot warp through walls, other obstacles, and the screen edge. They collide with these objects, either stopping or tunring back. A snake moving right, if a player presses left stops moving; not reversing motion (to move left as well). Make the title attractive "Snake" (big) "by Replit" (use replit logo, and make it smaller below the main title). The app must persist the top score at level 10 of the winning players per world, only. Nothing else. Keep their name, date they attained the score and time. Do not keep IP address information! They can add some kind of fun icon with their claim to fame, either a personal image, but no offensive or pornographic images as this will be a public application. Try to include any test that you can for this!!! Use any library that you can find online.